DOC: Correct installation instructions (#3205)
uxlfoundation/oneDAL: docs/source/get-started/prerequisites.rst

prebuilt |short_name| libraries can be found in the :file:`<install_dir>/dal/<version>/redist`
directory.

> The following dependencies are required in order to build the oneDAL examples with SYCL extensions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following dependencies are required in order to build the |short_name| examples with SYCL extensions:
```
